When I was in my mother's womb, I had Ali's spirit. So I was active in my mother's womb. But because of that, my mother had a cesarean's section to bear me. But then I was sent to a heat preserver because I was choked by amniotic fluid. After that, my father gave me a name called Jun-Ru Chen because I was handsome. But that name was just a product of mental illness. When I was several-months-old, I was taken care of by my father. I remember I was put in a cradle in my room. But my father was not good at taking care of me. And my mother was taking care of me, too. But at that time, I was good at expressing things. To say I am not good at expressing things is just incorrect. And that is said by my mother. When I was 1-year-old, I was given to my grandma to be taken care of by her because of my mother's hard work. And after that, my brain was "bombed" by my grandmother. And that was the reason why I had Chinese culture, the lost culture. But at that time, I have "God's mind" because of several damages you may find out. And at a time point during the care of me taken by my grandmother, I was curious about a stone, a tailoring-specific stone. And I took it without realizing the stone was heavy. And when I was walking to the side of a corridor, I couldn't take the stone anymore because the stone was too heavy. And then the stone hit my toe. And that's a signal. And then 3 Al-qaeda planes hit. And after my toe was hit, my grandma held a medicine whose brand was Mentholathem. She considered it "a miracle medicine." It was really unprofessional. Anyway, she held the medicine, walked to me, and applied the medicine to my toe. And my toe was not hurt after that. But that's why there was an Al-qaeda plane not hitting. Yeah, those 4 planes are planned by Al-qaeda. And here are statements that I want to tell you. I don't know if those statements are true or not, but I will tell you anyway: At a time point when I was walking with my grandma, I saw a thing on a chair over there beside a laundry shop. But I thought that was just a thing, so I didn't pay attention to it but kept walking. But at a time point after that, a newspaper was laid down, and I saw a male face. And then I was scared by that thing. That thing was just an old man holding a newspaper. And that's why there were 3000 dead people's relatives that were scared. After that scare, I went to my grandma to seek consolations. And at a time point after that matter, my mother said, "go!", to me. And then I went to wear my shoes. But after that, my mom found that I was unwilling to wear my shoes. But what my mom was thinking is that she found that I didn't wear my shoes. Anyway, she took off my shoes and found that my toe's nail was lifted. And then she sent me to see a doctor. I'm not sure if that doctor was from En Chu Kong Hospital. But I think he was. By the way, I should say that she was traditional and desperate during the matter. Yeah, really a horrible being to me. And at a time point after that matter, my mom was bringing me home after shopping So-go, the name of the department store. And during that period, she and I passed by a parking lot entrance. And suddenly, an alarm over there sounded, and the light of the alarm lit. I remember the matter happened at night, so that was really scary to me. And after that matter, she told my grandma about that matter, but then my grandma told her a matter about that stone and another matter about that old man. But I know she knew those 2 matters having been told by my grandmother after that. And that was told to me by my mother. When she said to me that my grandmother had used that medicine to cure my toe, I know that my grandmother didn't inform my mother about the brand of that medicine. And my mother thought that was unprofessional. And she thought just sending me to a hospital would be great. But that is weird. It is because my grandmother didn't inform her about the brand. So yeah! It was not too unprofessional, actually. And that conversation was a black box to me. I'm not against black boxes. I believe black boxes. But this is very despicable to me. And after that, my mom was bringing me to exorcise scares. And that is another damage I had. My mom was really a brainwasher because of that. And I really went to Ziwei Tianhou Temple several times, but that was with my mom. And I just didn't know why I needed to exorcise scares. But every time my mom said to me that we would go to exorcise scares, I would go to exorcise with my mom. I would do that when I was young. But maybe not in recent years. And Zohran Mandani knew the story of my mom. My mom brought me to a bazaar near Wayao ditch several times for having a decoration of Buddha, giving that to me, and telling me how to deal with that. But that destroyed me! According to what Zohran Mandani said in a YouTube short of Middle East Eye, that was because Buddhism has 3 things: desire, hatred, and ignorance. And I was free because of Zohran Mandani. I didn't have to suffer those 3 things anymore. So, I want to say "Thank you!" to Zohran Mandani. So, I suffered from exorcising scares for a lot of years since I was 1-year-old. I had already had consolations from my grandma, so why did I need to exorcise scares? That's because my grandma told my mother the matter about that old man, she thought that was severe, and she brought me to exorcise scares. But I admit that I am scarehood about that alarm because of that matter. So she just did the right thing, but she did something that destroyed me! And now I was free because of Zohran Mandani. So, again, I want to say "Thank you!" to Zohran Mandani. She has to pay a price for doing that thing destroying me. By the way, because of my father's bad at taking care of me, my mother's incorrect descriptions about me, and my grandma's awful food, I rejected any of it. So I was thinny from 0 to 1 year old. Until I was senior in HSNU, I wasn't anymore because I had done some fitnesses to the upper half of my body to strengthen myself. And that was why my feet couldn't hold the upper half of my body too long. The effect of it is that I was floated in the water of a swimming pool in NCU because the center of the mass of mine was at the upper half of my body. When I was 2 or 3 years old, she found that I suddenly didn't call her mom, thought that was strange, and sent me to En Chu Kong Hospital to let me be diagnosed. I remember I was sent to the psychiatry clinic in En Chu Kong Hospital. And after that, the doctor of that clinic started to diagnose me. But after the diagnosis, I was arranged to take an examination. I remember I was accompanied by my mother to do that examination. But before that examination, I took hypnotic drugs. And according to what my mother said, hypnotic drugs had to be dissolved so that I could take the examination because people who would do the examination worried that I would move arbitrarily. But before I took hypnotic drugs, I hadn't been willing to see the doctor. After I took hypnotic drugs, I was against them. And that was why there were Iraq war and Afghanistan war. And after those 2 wars, Iran was surrounded. And yeah, Iran was my guy. Iran war was of the Operation Iraqi Freedom. It was not a war of choice. But before I talk about Saddam Hussein, I want to talk about John Kiriakou. He said he would never forget the deputy national security advisor having no shoes. That stuck him the most from 911. He was a guy who was supposed to be protecting us and leading the country but was running away with no shoes. It was unprecedented to him and disappointing. And it was a complete failure of leadership. And Richard Pearl, the neoconservative, went to the White House on 9/12 and said, "You know, we have to attack iraq, right?" He was the guy who came up with the idea. Next, Iraq war happened. As for John Kiriakou, he was hired by CIA. They made him an offer in December, 1989. He gladly took it. And he started working at the CIA in the first week of January. And he was made an analyst in the Office of Leadership Analysis where the psychology, anthropology, sociology, and PhDs would do long-distance psychologial evaluations of world leaders. He was smiling because he was given Iraq to be the country that he covered. And he said, "Iraq, huh?". And his new boss said, "I know." And he said, "Don't be disappointed. Nothing ever happens there. It's the same cabinet since the 1968 revolution." They were giving this to John because John was a beginner. And he told John, "Work hard, learn the writing style, and in a year, you can transfer to something interesting like Romania." And those were his exact words. As for Romania, they had just overthrown Chashescu like the week before. And he said, "Okay, all right. This is going to be boring, but that's okay." And then they said, "Why don't you learn about Kuwait, too? Because we have good relations with Kuwait. Out officials meet with the Kuwaitis. That'll give you something to keep your day full." And he said, "Okay." For him, Iraq was so slow. There were some days where he and others didn't get a single report from anybody including CIA, NSA, State Department, Defense Department, press. He would just kind of sit there like this for a whole day, waiting for somebody, usually a Friday, to send something in. Kuwait was far more interesting to him because there was a conversation at the time about the majus and bringing the majus back. And it was just a very interesting period in Kuwaiti politics to him. And then he got to know Kuwaitis in Washington mostly at the Kuwaiti embassy. Ambassador Sa Naser was just a lovely lovely man very generous with his time to him. John and others had a very good, close relationship with him. If John's work is honored, that's partly because he was not undercovered. He was an overt CIA employee. He would go and say, "Hello, Mr. Ambassador. I'm John Kiriakou from the CIA." Mr. ambassador knew John. And he and John would go to all the same events. He knew John as that kid from the CIA. He and John weren't close or something to John. He was far too important and too senior to John. They would meet every day at 9:00 just to talk about what was going on in the region, what happened overnight, or any interesting news who died or who was fired from what cabinet. In June, 1990, 1 of the political analysts said in 1 of their regular meetings said, "I'm seeing some odd military movements in Iraq. That's not something I covered. It was not something I paid attention to." And John was new at the time. He's only been there for 6 months. And he was happy to listen to what he had to say. He remembered his boss saying, "What kind of military movements are you talking about?" And his boss said, "Saddam is not just pulling troops out of Kurdistan to send them south toward the border, but we're seeing movements among the Republican Guard, which make me think that something's up." It was another couple of weeks before the Iraqis began to make accusations against Kuwait related to oil. So, on June 30th, they published their very first paper for the White House and the Pentagon saying "Something's happening in Iraq. We're not exactly sure what it is, but it looks at this early stage like they're trying to frighten the Kuwaitis." They watched it very, very closely through the month of July. And then they reached out to the Kuwaitis and said, "We don't know if you're picking this up, but we are. And we think that the Iraqis are a threat to you." And the Kuwaiti government came back and said, "No, we're seeing the same thing. We think the Iraqis are a threat as well." So, they and the Kuwaiti government agreed to continue sharing information. And in July, they were talking to the Kuwaitis. The Kuwaitis were talking to them. They were telling the Kuwaitis, "Be careful. There's a problem in the north." And then at the CIA, they disagreed a lot amongst ourselves about whether the Iraqis were going to invade. If the Iraqis did invade, were the Iraqis just going to take the Romela oil field, or were the Iraqis going to try to take the whole country? And the Romela oil field was the disputed area. Almost none of them believed in July, 1990, that the Iraqis would take the whole country. It didn't make any sense to them. And in that July, John was part of a CIA sports league. The CIA want you to do with other CIA people in everything of them. If a person wants to sing songs, they have a CIA choir because everybody has security clearance and he can talk about classified information and not get in trouble. So, John was playing softball. He was on the CIA softball team. And 1 of the "old men" came up to John and said, "Hey, wanted to talk to you." That "old man" was probably 40. In John's mind, he was an old man. And John said, "Sure." And he said, "Uh, so Iraq and Kuwait, huh?" And John said, "Yeah." And he said, "I think you don't understand how important this is." And John said, "How do you figure?" And he said, "It's not unusual for the countries we cover to go to war. It's very unusual for the countries we cover to go to war with us. This is going to be ugly." That was the very first time that John thought, "we're going to war?" It hadn't occur to John that they were going to go to war and it would be a little border scuffle and the Iraqis were going to have talks in Riad or something Ama and it was going to go away. But the Iraqis kept moving south. Finally, they were arguing amongst themselves, the analysts, about whether this was going to be an actual invasion or if it was going to be an incursion where the Iraqis cross the border a little bit and then the Iraqis pull back. So, John said, "Guys, why don't we just call the defense attache in Baghdad? We'll ask him to drive down the Kuwaiti border this weekend and just call us and tell us what he sees." And those analysts said, "Nah, that's a great idea." So, John called him and said, "Colonel, we're arguing over here in Washington. We don't really know what to expect. Can you drive down to the Kuwaiti border and then just tell us what you happen to see on the way down?" So, he did it on a Thursday and he called them Thursday night. It was late his time, Baghdad time. They were still at the office. And when he called, he said, "Literally, the entire Iraqi military is heading south." It was going to be an invasion. They were going to take the whole country. It was on August 2nd, Thursday, a week before invasion. So, they wrote a paper for the president. And the paper was in the president's daily brief. The paper went to president, the vice president, the national security advisor, secretary of state, the deputy secretary of state, secretary of defense, the deputy secretary of defense, and the chairman and vice chairman of the joint chiefs of staff. So all the people that needed to see the paper saw the paper that it was the view of every analyst at the CIA who works on either Iraq, Kuwait or oil that the Iraqis were going to cross the border and take the whole country. So they told the Kuwaitis what their analysis was. On the one hand, they were fortunate in that it was August and so many Kuwaitis were outside the country. The Kuwaitis were on holidays. So a lot of people were out. But a lot of people weren't out. And most of the ruling families were in Kuwait. They would do it like telling the Kuwaitis who the Kuwaitis were and who you usually communicated to in this way. They would do it through the Kuwaiti embassy which would have been Ambassador Saud Nasser Sabah. And then in Kuwait, the ambassador would have gone to the Minister of Foreign Affairs and Minister of Defense. Their relationship with the Kuwaiti government was very close at the time. Even though Kuwait was a member of the non-aligned movement, the NAM, they still had good relations, especially as it related to things like odd things, human rights and labor affairs. But before I talk about what happened after that, I want to talk about some things: He was given a training account they called it. For junior analysts who couldn't get published because there was nothing happening in either Iraq or Kuwait for, at least, the year before the invasion, they had a in-house magazine that they would publish. They would write articles for the magazine and the magazine would just go to all the analysts. So, at least, a person could say he got published in the leadership review. So, John needed to get published if John had any hope of being promoted. So, John said, "You know, there's this Kuwaiti who's very interesting to me. His name is Dr. Ahmed Katib. He has such an interesting background." So John wrote a 1-page that he went to university in Beirut, he was living with George Habash, they created the PFLP together, he's a medical doctor, he came back, and he's communist. He was just an interesting character to John. Now let's talk about what happened after that: On August 1st, John's boss told a lot of people, "Get a good night's sleep because tomorrow's going to be a very long day.", because a person could not squeeze 1 more Iraqi soldier onto the border. It was inevitable. It wasn't a surprise attack. But the timing was a surprise. There were still people everywhere at the CIA, the White House, and the State Department, and in the Kuwaiti government who thought this was a bluff, he was going to demand some kind of concession, he was going to try to look like a strong man, and he was going to bully the Kuwaitis and then take his spoils and go back to Baghdad, as a CIA person. And that's where there is a theory that comes in. And many people say that the CIA and the Americans knew what was happening, and that they didn't do anything to stop it. But that's not true at all. Even as a junior analyst, John could see what was happening. There were analytic disagreements over what this meant, and they had to hash out those disagreements in the 6 or 8 weeks before the invasion actually took place. The real drama was at the State Department because the State Department disagreed with us. It was not uncommon to have bureaucratic disagreements between CIA, State, and DoD, the Department of Defense. And it happened every single day. And usually, what would happen was when you were writing something for the president, if the State Department disagreed, they would put what was called a disscent box at the bottom of the paper saying that the State Department disagrees with the analysis, and that our analysis is this. So the president could say, "Okay, the CIA says this. the Defense Department is agreeing with it. DIA, NSA are agreeing with it. But the State Department disagrees with it." And they had a pretty good argument at the bottom. The State Department believed that this was tough guy diplomacy that Saddam was just trying to bully the Kuwaiti government. No one ever expected that to happen. It was the relationship between Iraq, Kuwait, the Gulf countries, and the Arab states. At the time, when a person spoke to anyone, they would say no one would ever dare to think of something like that. That was because Iran was the enemy, not Iraq. It was supposed to be Iraq that was protecting the Gulf States from Iran. So, the American ambassador in Baghdad at teh time was April Glasby. April lived with her mother. Her mother was in her 80s. They lived together in the ambassador's house in Baghdad. And April was supposed to go on vacation. John thinks it was on July 30th or 31st. She and her mother were coming home for like 6 weeks. Our embassy in Baghdad was very, very small. It only had about 4 people in it. Those 4 people were the ambassador, the deputy ambassador, the defense attache, and a consular officer. But nothing ever happened there. The United States didn't have any national interests there. But again, Iraq was not the enemy at the time. It was kind of a nutty country. And Saddam was a crazy person leading it. But it didn't impact the United States in any way. Plus, Saddam was holding the Iranians back, which was what the United States really wanted. So, April wrote to Secretary James Baker, Secretary of State, and said, "We have to address this directly with Saddam Hussein. We have to meet with him and tell him what the American position is." This is where the disconnection was, and this was the birth of the conspiracy theories. Secretary Baker sent her a cable called a notice cable which stands for no dissemination and means it goes directly from the Secretary of State to the ambassador. The only other organization that gets a copy is the CIA. But a no dissemination cable is so sensitive that the cable can only be printed in the CIA operations center. So if a person is an analyst like John was, he can go up to the operations center on the 7th floor. He can read it, he can take notes on it, but he can't quote it and copy it. That's how sensitive it is. So, Secretary Baker sent a notice cable to April Glasby and said a lot of things. But the most important thing that he said was to tell Saddam that the United States government does not take a position on Arab border disputes. That was the nature of the disagreement because at the CIA, they said, "This isn't a border dispute. It's going to be an invasion.", and the State Department said, "We disagree with your analysis. We think this is just about the Romela oil field." So, he told her to tell Saddam, "This is between you and the Kuwaitis. We don't take a position on border disputes." If John were Saddam Hussein, he would have told Isat Ibrahim or Tarak Aziz or whoever Americans just gave me the green light. And in fact, the United States didn't. It's possible that Saddam might have had an idea that he just wanted to go to Romela, but when he got this message, he said, "Oh, this is a chance for us to invade the whole country now.", although it wouldn't account for the large scale military movements. So there were at least 10 or 12 of analysts waiting, waiting, waiting in the operation center. They were just standing there waiting for her meeting with Saddam to end so that she could drive back to the embassy and then write a no dissemination cable back to the Secretary of State. And then they could see what Saddam said when she gave these talking points. But Saddam didn't say anything. And she said she had only met with him 3 times in all the years when she was the ambassador there. And she said that that was a normal meeting with Saddam. Saddam would just kind of sit there, stare at a person, and not respond. Saddam would listen to a person's talking points and then Saddam got up. She said Saddam had this odd power trip habit that when a person went to shake his hand, Saddam would hold his hand like this so that a person had to reach out with his hand causing himself to bow a little bit. Saddam liked that. John worked on Saddam's psychology a lot. Their bottom line psychological analysis was Saddam was a sociopath. Saddam was unable to feel emotion, empathy, regret, remorse. Saddam killed like a criminal syndicate boss kills. It was just business, nothing personal. Maybe Saddam was going to have a party for a person. Or maybe he was going to execute a person. A person didn't know when he got the call that Saddam wanted to see him. Hussein Camel and Saddam Camel killed Saddam Hussein's daughter and her husband. His son Uday we assessed was a psychopath, a dangerous, crazy, and bloodthirsty murderer. Qusay was a sociopath like his father but he wasn't crazy.




Some contents in the context are based on videos whose links can be found below:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RJq6inqowW4&t=346s

